Update docs on replication and raw queries (#6173)
typeorm/typeorm: docs/multiple-connections.md

```

All schema update and write operations are performed using `master` server.
All simple queries performed by find methods or select query builder are using a random `slave` instance.

> All raw queries performed by query method are always performed using `master` server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All queries performed by query method are performed using the `master` instance.
```

        
```

> If you want to use `slave` in raw queries, you also need to explicitly specify the query runner.

Reviewer: Why not change the above message and example  so it shows both?  Could lead to more concise documentation.

Author: I think it's better to keep them separate. Although the way we create `QueryRunner` was similar in both examples, what I'm really trying to show here is "how to specify QueryRunner for raw queries". Imo this saves readers' time and makes things more clear.

```typescript

const slaveQueryRunner = connection.createQueryRunner("slave");
await connection.query('SELECT * FROM users WHERE id = $1', [userId], slaveQueryRunner)
  .then((result) => {
    // Do your stuff
  })
  .finally(() => {
    return slaveQueryRunner.release()

>   })

Reviewer: If this is going to be a separate query please match the `try`/`finally` syntax as above.
